## SCRUM Meeting 23/02

### Abi
| Since Last Meeting: | Researched and added page navigation to all the pages. Fixed the dropdown menu colour problem. Added a hamburger dropdown button for when the user is using a smaller screen |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Start working on either order or staff components with another front end team member |
| **Blockers:** | Will have busy weekend, will focus on smaller components first |

### Zubiya
| Since Last Meeting: | Continued working on home page, will finish by end of today. |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Work on either waiter hub or staff hub with another front end team member |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Liu
| Since Last Meeting: | Created more data models, such as order or table|
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | View the rest of the data models (customer and waiter), start the data migration. View the pipeline for continuos integration |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Luke
| Since Last Meeting: | Created registration file for checking to see if user exists. |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Add functionality, if user doesnt exist then add user into table |
| **Blockers:** | Talk to front end team about exact implementation on how to call API  |

### Natsha - SCRUM Master
| Since Last Meeting: | Wrote PostRequest for log in API |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | WOrk with another front end member to work on order or staff hub. Set cookies on log in and continue integration with back end |
| **Blockers:** | Need to talk to Belal about getting cookies to work. |

### Humza
| Since Last Meeting: | Edited new user stories. Learning SQLAlchemy |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Finish tutorial  |
| **Blockers:** | Talk to Spencer about how he generates session tokens and how they should be validated |

### Nicky
| Since Last Meeting: | Finished drink menu page and filter. |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Work with front end team member to make order page and waiter hub |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Spencer
| Since Last Meeting: | Integrate session generation with authentication |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Fix problem created joining with swagger |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Belal
| Since Last Meeting: | Updated log in and log out API, gone through SQLAlchemy tutorial. Created developer account on stripe |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Finish SQLAlchemy tutorial and start integrating card payment. |
| **Blockers:** | Need to create database for users and passwords |

### Feedback
Instead of saying that you need to talk to someone in the blockers, put that in your 'For Next Meeting' section. 