## SCRUM Meeting 08/03

### Abi
| Since Last Meeting: | Commented out all front end code and re-structured code to match each other. Found and prepared pictures to be displayed for menu items |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Either write user test consent forms or work on linking registration UI to API if replacement laptop works. |
| **Blockers:** | Computer will not download necessary applications, cannot pull from git. Will get a replacement on 08/03.  |

### Humza - SCRUM Master
| Since Last Meeting: | Finished implementing changes to session validation API |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Push this to git, join Belal on payment |
| **Blockers:** | Can't do work over the weekend |

### Zubiya
| Since Last Meeting: | Worked with Natasha to display items on side bar on the waiter hub |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Need to discuss after order API is finished |
| **Blockers:** | Order API needs to be done before work can continue |

### Natasha
| Since Last Meeting: | Display order in side bar, fixed login code. Waiter can go to waiters hub, kitchen staff can go to kitchen staff hub when logging in |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Continue with log out, integrate order API into code |
| **Blockers:** | Bad eye sight, struggling with migraines |

### Liu
| Since Last Meeting: | Added constraints in database. Enabled order to have times. Added Api Specifications |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Work on pipeline, so tests can be automated |
| **Blockers:** | Need to add cascades in the databases, not sure how to receive session code in the cookies. |

### Belal
| Since Last Meeting: | Created new branch, added stripe files into the project |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Edit files to be relevant to project |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Nicky
| Since Last Meeting: | Worked on order, can add items and increase and decrease quantity. Connected to order API |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Finish filter |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Spencer - PLEASE EDIT NOTES
| Since Last Meeting: | Wrote tests |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Add drink items |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Luke
| Since Last Meeting: |  |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Work with Liu, refactor registration API to work with new flask. Change registration to be a post function and use JSON |
| **Blockers:** | Working on AI coursework |

### Feedback
Be more specific

Blocker should be something other team members can help you with.