## SCRUM Meeting 11/03

### Spencer
| Since Last Meeting: | 3 tests working for login. Database now has different menu categories for the drinks |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Add session keys to the DB when the user logs in |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Zubiya
| Since Last Meeting: | Added new page for changing the menu, has buttons depending on whether the item is available or not. Can post to new order API |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Unable to work until blocker is fixed |
| **Blockers:** | Need change menu API to be created so the page can show whether the item is available or not. Need to be able to get items from API, then can finish |

### Nicky
| Since Last Meeting: | Finished adding functionality of order page. Menu items in order can have quantity increased and decreased and order can be posted to back end. |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Finish menu filtering on the order page |
| **Blockers:** | Unsure on how payment will work, need information about stripe from backend |

### Natasha
| Since Last Meeting: | Display total price for items added in waiters hub. Table number can be displayed. |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Get an order from the order API and display it in the order section of the waiter's hub. |
| **Blockers:** | Need order API to be created |

### Liu
| Since Last Meeting: | Created delete API for deleting orders. Added functionality to menu API by creating image urls. Configured continous integration to automate tests. |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Create get order API |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Luke
| Since Last Meeting: | Fixed bugs in registration API and changed it to use JSON to mirror the rest of back end |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Create schema for registration, fix user creation to include user role (customer). Get registration integrated with front end and finished. |
| **Blockers:** |  |

### Abi
| Since Last Meeting: | Created user consent and feedback forms for user testing. Made a google form aswell for easier access and distribution. Added and edited hot drink images (reduced image size and named) |
| --- | --- |
| **For Next Meeting:** | Integrate registration page with backend and update the design to match the login pages. |
| **Blockers:** | Replacement laptop wasn't downloading applications needed. Have only just got a new one but should be back on track for next meeting. |